Update meta descriptions in SDK docs v5 - Closes #828 (#829)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/architecture/off-chain-architecture.adoc

= Off-chain architecture
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The off-chain architecture covers how to create a plug in, including custom, timesamp, and default plug ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Explains what are plugins and how to create and use them in a blockchain application.
```
